Add information and example of combining SHOW and TERMINATE commands with regular Cypher (#1528)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/clauses/transaction-clauses.adoc

Author: This page has been moved to operations manual, https://github.com/neo4j/docs-operations/pull/3034, and that move included these updates.

The `SHOW TRANSACTIONS` command can be combined with multiple `SHOW TRANSACTIONS` and `TERMINATE TRANSACTIONS`, see xref::clauses/transaction-clauses.adoc#query-combine-tx-commands[transaction commands combination].

> In Cypher 25 from 2026.XX, it is also possible to combine `SHOW TRANSACTIONS` with general Cypher clauses.

Author: ```suggestion
In Cypher 25 from 2026.05, it is also possible to combine `SHOW TRANSACTIONS` with general Cypher clauses.
```

The format of `transaction-id` is `<databaseName>-transaction-<id>`.
Transaction IDs must be supplied as one or more comma-separated quoted `STRING` values, or as an expression resolving to a `STRING` or a `LIST<STRING>`.
In Cypher 25 from 2026.05, any transaction IDs resolves to `null` will be ignored instead of throwing an exception on wrong type.

> This is consistent with how nothing is returned when the given transaction ID doesn't exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of Neo4j 2026.06, using Cypher 25, any transaction IDs that resolve to `null` are ignored instead of causing a type error exception.
This is consistent with returning no results when the specified transaction ID does not exist.
```

Author: this page will go away as it's one of the ones you moved. Any comments on these should have been part of your move 🤷

Reviewer: Sorry for the confusion. This was an old comment that I had not submitted as I realised it was still in progress. Will delete comment.

The `TERMINATE TRANSACTIONS` command can be combined with multiple `SHOW TRANSACTIONS` and `TERMINATE TRANSACTIONS`, see xref::clauses/transaction-clauses.adoc#query-combine-tx-commands[transaction commands combination].

> In Cypher 25 from 2026.XX, it is also possible to combine `TERMINATE TRANSACTIONS` with general Cypher clauses.

Author: ```suggestion
In Cypher 25 from 2026.05, it is also possible to combine `TERMINATE TRANSACTIONS` with general Cypher clauses.
```

[[query-combine-tx-commands]]
== Combining transaction commands

In Cypher 25 from 2026.XX, the `SHOW` and `TERMINATE TRANSACTIONS` commands can be combined with general Cypher clauses in a single query.

> Before 2026.XX and in Cypher 5, the `SHOW` and `TERMINATE TRANSACTIONS` commands can be combined in the same query, in difference to other show commands.

Author: ```suggestion
In Cypher 25 from 2026.05, the `SHOW` and `TERMINATE TRANSACTIONS` commands can be combined with general Cypher clauses in a single query.
Before 2026.05 and in Cypher 5, the `SHOW` and `TERMINATE TRANSACTIONS` commands can be combined in the same query, in difference to other show commands.
```

> Before 2026.05 and in Cypher 5, the `SHOW` and `TERMINATE TRANSACTIONS` commands can be combined in the same query, in difference to other show commands.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In earlier versions and in Cypher 5, the `SHOW` and `TERMINATE TRANSACTIONS` commands can be combined in the same query, in difference to other show commands.
```

Author: This page was moved and refactored a bit so this sentence is no longer relevant

| "neo4j-transaction-3" | "Alice" | "neo4j" | "MATCH (n) RETURN n"
| "mydb-transaction-1" | "Bob" | "mydb" | "MATCH (n:Label) SET n.prop=false"
| "system-transaction-999" | "Bob" | "system" | "SHOW DATABASES"
4+d|Rows: 3
|===

======

> [role=label--cypher-25-only label--new-Neo4j-2026.XX]

Author: ```suggestion
[role=label--cypher-25-only label--new-Neo4j-2026.05]
```

=== Listing other transactions by the same user that were terminated with general Cypher

> Similar to the previous example, we can list remaining transactions by users whose transactions were terminated by first terminate the transactions using `TERMINATE TRANSACTIONS`, then filter users through `SHOW TRANSACTIONS`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Similar to the previous example, we can list remaining transactions by users whose transactions were terminated by first terminating the transactions using `TERMINATE TRANSACTIONS`, then filtering users through `SHOW TRANSACTIONS`.
```

Author: This page was moved and refactored a bit so this sentence is no longer relevant
